I think I ate a couple of those kids
myself ha cartoons
oh my god that you can talk we can talk
Oh
abort mission abort mission I have
become the enemy
Matthew Bryan put those down right now
what happened last thing I recall was
you eat my entire family I couldn't help
it now I'm just messing with you
I think I ate a couple of those kids
myself it doesn't matter who ate who
we're all dead
oh my god I hate me no no what's the
vegetarian people people it seems like
what we have here is Oh zombie
apocalypse but you know what it wasn't
just the apocalypse
it was our apocalypse don't you all see
now that we're all on the same side of
the fence so to speak we can finally put
aside our differences start again
equality alas and the fig all it took
was the end of the world
oh this is weird it's like they're going
back to normal
there's already a line forming at
Starbucks so they're still dead on the
inside but now they're dead on the
outside - it's like an Oreo that's all
cream I'm saying it was Return of the
Living Dead and now it's returned to the
living Comet dead oh there's a fly on
your forget it
Oh what's this base stuff on my glove
are you are you wearing makeup
uh yeah I have a zit yeah weird but a
fly would just be hanging out on your
face when all the dead meat
is out there yeah little guy must have
been lost kids get away from that window
are you mad there's a reason this is
called the living room if you come up
here you're liable to get killed we
emerge from the bomb shelter five
minutes ago and already you're both
begging for a funeral look at them ah
trying to rebuild the town that they
destroyed make up your mind everyone
dinner's ready it's bomb shelter food of
course it's ready it was manufactured
ready just like me oh is that the
outside world no I mean yes it is
outside but you don't want to see it
Karen it's bad real bad the kids aw
they're not old enough to remember
things
if only seriously come on just one
little peek
I've seen st. Patrick's Day parades
worse than this
come on let's celebrate tonight I'm
cooking bomb shelter food in the real
kitchen